# Indy Hall Poppin and Hackin'

Meeting to take stock of Indy Hall's current technology setup and to gather ideas for Indy Labs.

## Website
* indyhall.org- hosted by Barley, we don't use it for all the stuff it's good for
  * Happy to move off of Barley
  * We need to share a login, which stinks
  * forms intertwine with hello- not a bad idea to have one point of entry, streamline
* hello.indyhall.org
  * maybe could work as a larger source with apps coming off of it- modular and function on it's own, and appear as part of a larger site
  * Using wordpress plugins for that now- if we build plugins it can contribute to the larger coworking community- uses wordpress as central hub
  * when management system was there before, it was a gnarled mess
  * API as channel to add stuff- letting people go build stuff freely without bringing down the system
  * looking at longer term ways to use wordpress to manage all the stuff
  * Plugins:
    * calendar plugin- useful with events, apps can be fed into that plugin
    * Grav forms-power all our interactive forms, connected to Stripe
    * No usability thought of at all- could use design scheme, make a new template for hello
    * Needs more usability and accessibilty
    * Consolidating info, getting rid of manual extra sources of info

## Groupbuzz
* we aren't the only ones using GB
* isn't owned/operated by the hall

## Slack
* linux tool on top of slack- tracks analytics

## Keypad system
* Mjumbe made it! Thanks!
* Django app? Alex has it in a beanstalker? Are you guys just making up words now?
* It would be a great thing if when we added a member it was more closely integrated
* members being able to check their code
* check how often they come in (for membership purposes)
* Could this be a wordpress app?

## Attendance
* It's a spreadsheet. That's pretty caveman and inefficient.
* Wary of false positives (someone could have stopped by for an hour and it counts it)
* Looking at something that sees IP addresses and asks us to confirm that that person was here.
* Or a self-checkin- some sort of hybrid check-in with a manual check in?
* Chris was working on how to have the router with PF sense- when device connects to network, you type in login, it stores your address so you don't have to do it again, and that's how we'd check attendance. Maybe opens us * * IH-captive-portal so it's right in your attention
* Guests? Guest login built in- what do we want to say to guests logging in? Connect to a member?
* Open Source linux box- can do a lot with it, Wildbit is installing a system and Alex wants to look at how it works

## Hardware

### Mac Mini
* Looks at router access points
* tracks connected users
* tracks bandwidth utilization
* Music- spotify
* Can run whatever else we want it to, treat it like a server
* This one will be more stable than the last

### Nest
* Disconnected Nests downstairs- "part of reason backup heat didn't kick in"... maybe?
* There's a connected API

### Control Panel
* Visual control panel- shows if lights are on, etc before you leave- automation stuff
* Add open/shut sensors on the windows

### Greenscreen
* Greenscreen- tv stuff currently manually put together
* Have one downstairs?

### Printer
* The printer... exists?
* Def needs an upgrade

### Misc
* bathroom light sensors
* dishwasher/coffee pot sensors
* sensor for fridge- tells when full? Geiger counter?
* We are considering a trash compactor trashcan that yells at ya when it's full

### Techorations
* audio/visual
* chandelier- more people in the hall, warmer color change
* API for Indy Hall to have data to make available to integrate

## Tools
* We love trello
* Using Zapier
* could use that for ops stuff, have a sensor drop a card into trello when something needs to be done
* Having everything workable so you don't have to make a bunch of new things
* Where do people already look to find information?
