# Indylabs Meeting 4-2-15

Intial Indy Labs meeting to discuss getting the group off the ground, projects we'd like to work on, etc.

## Attendees

* Tom Piarulli (GH: @tompark-IO)
* Jonathan Finnegan (GH: @haveboard)
* Dave Walk (GH: @davewalk)
* Daniel Beck (GH: @ddbeck)

## Meeting Notes

* Everyone looking to Indy Labs as a way to stay involved, connected with the Indy Hall community.

* We can't do that if we are meeting at night, etc. We need to find a way to intertwine Indy Labs with the community.

* Good option seems to be having Indy Labs present at Show and Tell and Town Hall - as well as meeting before/after those events.

* Given its strictly volunteer we all have limited time we can contribute - goal is to spread the workload amongst the community such that even a 1 hour contribution is enough to have significant impact.

* We need to get everything organized under the Indy Hall Github. indyhall.org and hello.indyhall.org are currently elsewhere.

* Finn will take the lead on getting access to hello as a local dev environment so we can start playing with that.

* Tom will coordinate with Alex for overall Github management, etc.

* We'd like to meet with Adam at some point for a walkthrough of his workday so we can identify pain points for management of Indy Hall.

  * A major pain point currently is that each new member has to be manually registered on a bunch of different systems.


## Project Ideas

  * Overhaul hello.indyhall.org
  * Expand now playing music widget with list of past and future tracks
  * Improved Indy guides site
  * Indy Hall online store
  * Indy Hall mobile app
  * Better check-in system
  * An ideas repository thats easy for non-technical members to use
  * Indy Analytics
  * status.indyhall.org - who's there, whats the temp (nest), now playing, etc.

## Next Steps

  * We will plan to coordinate remotely going forward while meeting at Show and Tell for those who can make it.

  * Finn will coordinate with Alex to get access to hello.indyhall.org

  * Finn will also be the day-to-day Indy Labs presence at the hall.

  * Tom will work with Alex to organize the Indy Hall github and pull in projects still outside of it.
  
  * Tom will put the current info about Indy Labs into writing to share with the community.
